**solved in this iteration:**
**skipped in this iteration:**
inputs\large-10.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-102.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-103.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-105.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-106.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-107.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-108.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-109.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-11.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-110.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-111.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-112.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-113.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-114.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-115.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-118.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-12.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-120.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-121.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-123.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-125.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-128.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-13.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-130.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-131.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-132.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-133.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-136.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-137.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-139.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-14.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-140.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-141.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-145.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-147.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-148.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-15.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-151.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-154.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-155.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-156.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-159.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-162.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-166.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-167.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-169.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-17.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-170.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-171.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-172.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-173.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-174.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-175.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-177.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-18.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-181.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-183.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-184.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-185.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-189.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-19.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-191.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-192.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-193.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-194.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-196.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-197.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-199.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-2.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-20.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-200.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-202.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-203.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-204.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-205.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-206.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-207.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-209.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-210.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-212.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-220.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-222.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-223.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-225.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-230.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-231.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-233.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-234.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-236.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-24.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-240.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-242.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-3.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-34.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-35.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-38.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-39.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-4.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-40.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-41.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-42.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-45.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-46.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-47.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-50.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-51.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-54.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-57.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-58.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-6.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-61.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-63.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-64.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-65.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-66.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-67.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-68.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-7.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-70.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-71.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-74.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-77.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-79.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-8.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-81.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-84.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-85.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-86.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-87.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-89.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-90.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\large-97.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-10.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-100.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-105.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-106.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-107.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-108.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-109.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-11.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-110.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-111.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-112.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-113.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-114.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-115.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-118.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-12.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-120.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-121.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-122.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-123.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-125.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-128.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-129.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-130.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-131.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-135.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-136.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-137.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-139.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-14.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-141.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-143.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-145.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-146.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-147.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-15.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-151.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-152.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-155.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-156.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-157.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-159.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-164.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-166.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-167.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-169.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-170.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-171.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-172.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-174.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-175.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-177.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-18.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-181.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-183.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-184.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-189.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-19.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-191.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-192.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-194.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-195.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-196.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-197.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-2.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-20.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-200.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-202.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-203.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-204.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-205.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-206.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-207.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-208.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-210.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-212.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-215.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-222.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-226.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-23.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-230.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-233.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-236.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-237.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-24.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-240.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-3.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-34.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-35.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-38.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-39.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-4.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-40.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-41.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-42.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-44.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-46.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-50.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-51.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-54.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-58.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-6.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-60.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-61.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-63.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-64.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-65.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-66.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-67.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-69.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-7.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-70.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-73.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-74.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-79.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-80.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-81.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-84.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-85.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-86.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-87.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-89.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-90.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-93.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-94.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\medium-97.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-100.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-107.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-108.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-110.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-112.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-113.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-118.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-123.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-129.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-131.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-136.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-137.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-143.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-146.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-159.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-163.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-164.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-166.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-167.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-174.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-175.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-183.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-189.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-19.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-194.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-195.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-196.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-2.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-204.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-205.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-207.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-231.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-234.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-240.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-241.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-27.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-4.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-40.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-46.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-57.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-60.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-64.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-79.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-8.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-85.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-89.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-90.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
inputs\small-92.in did not give valid solution so trivially solved
**skipped coz exists:**
naiveoutputs3/large-1.out
naiveoutputs3/large-100.out
naiveoutputs3/large-101.out
naiveoutputs3/large-104.out
naiveoutputs3/large-116.out
naiveoutputs3/large-117.out
naiveoutputs3/large-119.out
naiveoutputs3/large-122.out
naiveoutputs3/large-124.out
naiveoutputs3/large-126.out
naiveoutputs3/large-127.out
naiveoutputs3/large-129.out
naiveoutputs3/large-134.out
naiveoutputs3/large-138.out
naiveoutputs3/large-142.out
naiveoutputs3/large-143.out
naiveoutputs3/large-144.out
naiveoutputs3/large-146.out
naiveoutputs3/large-149.out
naiveoutputs3/large-150.out
naiveoutputs3/large-152.out
naiveoutputs3/large-153.out
naiveoutputs3/large-157.out
naiveoutputs3/large-158.out
naiveoutputs3/large-16.out
naiveoutputs3/large-160.out
naiveoutputs3/large-161.out
naiveoutputs3/large-163.out
naiveoutputs3/large-164.out
naiveoutputs3/large-165.out
naiveoutputs3/large-168.out
naiveoutputs3/large-176.out
naiveoutputs3/large-178.out
naiveoutputs3/large-179.out
naiveoutputs3/large-180.out
naiveoutputs3/large-182.out
naiveoutputs3/large-186.out
naiveoutputs3/large-187.out
naiveoutputs3/large-188.out
naiveoutputs3/large-190.out
naiveoutputs3/large-195.out
naiveoutputs3/large-198.out
naiveoutputs3/large-201.out
naiveoutputs3/large-21.out
naiveoutputs3/large-211.out
naiveoutputs3/large-213.out
naiveoutputs3/large-214.out
naiveoutputs3/large-215.out
naiveoutputs3/large-216.out
naiveoutputs3/large-217.out
naiveoutputs3/large-22.out
naiveoutputs3/large-221.out
naiveoutputs3/large-226.out
naiveoutputs3/large-227.out
naiveoutputs3/large-228.out
naiveoutputs3/large-229.out
naiveoutputs3/large-23.out
naiveoutputs3/large-232.out
naiveoutputs3/large-237.out
naiveoutputs3/large-238.out
naiveoutputs3/large-239.out
naiveoutputs3/large-241.out
naiveoutputs3/large-25.out
naiveoutputs3/large-26.out
naiveoutputs3/large-27.out
naiveoutputs3/large-28.out
naiveoutputs3/large-29.out
naiveoutputs3/large-30.out
naiveoutputs3/large-31.out
naiveoutputs3/large-32.out
naiveoutputs3/large-33.out
naiveoutputs3/large-36.out
naiveoutputs3/large-37.out
naiveoutputs3/large-43.out
naiveoutputs3/large-44.out
naiveoutputs3/large-48.out
naiveoutputs3/large-49.out
naiveoutputs3/large-5.out
naiveoutputs3/large-52.out
naiveoutputs3/large-53.out
naiveoutputs3/large-55.out
naiveoutputs3/large-56.out
naiveoutputs3/large-59.out
naiveoutputs3/large-60.out
naiveoutputs3/large-62.out
naiveoutputs3/large-69.out
naiveoutputs3/large-72.out
naiveoutputs3/large-73.out
naiveoutputs3/large-75.out
naiveoutputs3/large-76.out
naiveoutputs3/large-78.out
naiveoutputs3/large-80.out
naiveoutputs3/large-82.out
naiveoutputs3/large-83.out
naiveoutputs3/large-88.out
naiveoutputs3/large-9.out
naiveoutputs3/large-91.out
naiveoutputs3/large-92.out
naiveoutputs3/large-93.out
naiveoutputs3/large-94.out
naiveoutputs3/large-95.out
naiveoutputs3/large-96.out
naiveoutputs3/large-98.out
naiveoutputs3/large-99.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-1.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-101.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-102.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-103.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-104.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-116.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-117.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-119.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-124.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-126.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-127.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-13.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-132.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-133.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-134.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-138.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-140.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-142.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-144.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-148.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-149.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-150.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-153.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-154.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-158.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-16.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-160.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-161.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-162.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-163.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-165.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-168.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-17.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-173.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-176.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-178.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-179.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-180.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-182.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-185.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-186.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-187.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-188.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-190.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-193.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-198.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-199.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-201.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-209.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-21.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-211.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-213.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-214.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-216.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-217.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-218.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-22.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-220.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-221.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-223.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-224.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-227.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-228.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-229.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-231.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-232.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-234.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-235.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-238.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-239.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-241.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-242.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-25.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-26.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-27.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-28.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-29.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-30.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-31.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-32.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-33.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-36.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-37.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-43.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-45.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-47.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-48.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-49.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-5.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-52.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-53.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-55.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-56.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-57.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-59.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-62.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-68.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-71.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-72.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-75.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-76.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-77.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-78.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-8.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-82.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-83.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-88.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-9.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-91.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-92.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-95.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-96.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-98.out
naiveoutputs3/medium-99.out
naiveoutputs3/small-1.out
naiveoutputs3/small-10.out
naiveoutputs3/small-101.out
naiveoutputs3/small-102.out
naiveoutputs3/small-103.out
naiveoutputs3/small-104.out
naiveoutputs3/small-105.out
naiveoutputs3/small-106.out
naiveoutputs3/small-109.out
naiveoutputs3/small-11.out
naiveoutputs3/small-111.out
naiveoutputs3/small-114.out
naiveoutputs3/small-115.out
naiveoutputs3/small-116.out
naiveoutputs3/small-117.out
naiveoutputs3/small-119.out
naiveoutputs3/small-12.out
naiveoutputs3/small-120.out
naiveoutputs3/small-121.out
naiveoutputs3/small-122.out
naiveoutputs3/small-124.out
naiveoutputs3/small-125.out
naiveoutputs3/small-126.out
naiveoutputs3/small-127.out
naiveoutputs3/small-128.out
naiveoutputs3/small-13.out
naiveoutputs3/small-130.out
naiveoutputs3/small-132.out
naiveoutputs3/small-133.out
naiveoutputs3/small-134.out
naiveoutputs3/small-135.out
naiveoutputs3/small-138.out
naiveoutputs3/small-139.out
naiveoutputs3/small-14.out
naiveoutputs3/small-140.out
naiveoutputs3/small-141.out
naiveoutputs3/small-142.out
naiveoutputs3/small-144.out
naiveoutputs3/small-145.out
naiveoutputs3/small-147.out
naiveoutputs3/small-148.out
naiveoutputs3/small-149.out
naiveoutputs3/small-15.out
naiveoutputs3/small-150.out
naiveoutputs3/small-151.out
naiveoutputs3/small-152.out
naiveoutputs3/small-153.out
naiveoutputs3/small-154.out
naiveoutputs3/small-155.out
naiveoutputs3/small-156.out
naiveoutputs3/small-157.out
naiveoutputs3/small-158.out
naiveoutputs3/small-16.out
naiveoutputs3/small-160.out
naiveoutputs3/small-161.out
naiveoutputs3/small-162.out
naiveoutputs3/small-165.out
naiveoutputs3/small-168.out
naiveoutputs3/small-169.out
naiveoutputs3/small-17.out
naiveoutputs3/small-170.out
naiveoutputs3/small-171.out
naiveoutputs3/small-172.out
naiveoutputs3/small-173.out
naiveoutputs3/small-176.out
naiveoutputs3/small-177.out
naiveoutputs3/small-178.out
naiveoutputs3/small-179.out
naiveoutputs3/small-18.out
naiveoutputs3/small-180.out
naiveoutputs3/small-181.out
naiveoutputs3/small-182.out
naiveoutputs3/small-184.out
naiveoutputs3/small-185.out
naiveoutputs3/small-186.out
naiveoutputs3/small-187.out
naiveoutputs3/small-188.out
naiveoutputs3/small-190.out
naiveoutputs3/small-191.out
naiveoutputs3/small-192.out
naiveoutputs3/small-193.out
naiveoutputs3/small-197.out
naiveoutputs3/small-198.out
naiveoutputs3/small-199.out
naiveoutputs3/small-20.out
naiveoutputs3/small-200.out
naiveoutputs3/small-201.out
naiveoutputs3/small-202.out
naiveoutputs3/small-203.out
naiveoutputs3/small-206.out
naiveoutputs3/small-208.out
naiveoutputs3/small-209.out
naiveoutputs3/small-21.out
naiveoutputs3/small-210.out
naiveoutputs3/small-211.out
naiveoutputs3/small-212.out
naiveoutputs3/small-213.out
naiveoutputs3/small-214.out
naiveoutputs3/small-215.out
naiveoutputs3/small-216.out
naiveoutputs3/small-217.out
naiveoutputs3/small-218.out
naiveoutputs3/small-219.out
naiveoutputs3/small-22.out
naiveoutputs3/small-220.out
naiveoutputs3/small-221.out
naiveoutputs3/small-222.out
naiveoutputs3/small-223.out
naiveoutputs3/small-224.out
naiveoutputs3/small-225.out
naiveoutputs3/small-226.out
naiveoutputs3/small-227.out
naiveoutputs3/small-228.out
naiveoutputs3/small-229.out
naiveoutputs3/small-23.out
naiveoutputs3/small-230.out
naiveoutputs3/small-232.out
naiveoutputs3/small-233.out
naiveoutputs3/small-235.out
naiveoutputs3/small-236.out
naiveoutputs3/small-237.out
naiveoutputs3/small-238.out
naiveoutputs3/small-239.out
naiveoutputs3/small-24.out
naiveoutputs3/small-242.out
naiveoutputs3/small-25.out
naiveoutputs3/small-26.out
naiveoutputs3/small-28.out
naiveoutputs3/small-29.out
naiveoutputs3/small-3.out
naiveoutputs3/small-30.out
naiveoutputs3/small-31.out
naiveoutputs3/small-32.out
naiveoutputs3/small-33.out
naiveoutputs3/small-34.out
naiveoutputs3/small-35.out
naiveoutputs3/small-36.out
naiveoutputs3/small-37.out
naiveoutputs3/small-38.out
naiveoutputs3/small-39.out
naiveoutputs3/small-41.out
naiveoutputs3/small-42.out
naiveoutputs3/small-43.out
naiveoutputs3/small-44.out
naiveoutputs3/small-45.out
naiveoutputs3/small-47.out
naiveoutputs3/small-48.out
naiveoutputs3/small-49.out
naiveoutputs3/small-5.out
naiveoutputs3/small-50.out
naiveoutputs3/small-51.out
naiveoutputs3/small-52.out
naiveoutputs3/small-53.out
naiveoutputs3/small-54.out
naiveoutputs3/small-55.out
naiveoutputs3/small-56.out
naiveoutputs3/small-58.out
naiveoutputs3/small-59.out
naiveoutputs3/small-6.out
naiveoutputs3/small-61.out
naiveoutputs3/small-62.out
naiveoutputs3/small-63.out
naiveoutputs3/small-65.out
naiveoutputs3/small-66.out
naiveoutputs3/small-67.out
naiveoutputs3/small-68.out
naiveoutputs3/small-69.out
naiveoutputs3/small-7.out
naiveoutputs3/small-70.out
naiveoutputs3/small-71.out
naiveoutputs3/small-72.out
naiveoutputs3/small-73.out
naiveoutputs3/small-74.out
naiveoutputs3/small-75.out
naiveoutputs3/small-76.out
naiveoutputs3/small-77.out
naiveoutputs3/small-78.out
naiveoutputs3/small-80.out
naiveoutputs3/small-81.out
naiveoutputs3/small-82.out
naiveoutputs3/small-83.out
naiveoutputs3/small-84.out
naiveoutputs3/small-86.out
naiveoutputs3/small-87.out
naiveoutputs3/small-88.out
naiveoutputs3/small-9.out
naiveoutputs3/small-91.out
naiveoutputs3/small-93.out
naiveoutputs3/small-94.out
naiveoutputs3/small-95.out
naiveoutputs3/small-96.out
naiveoutputs3/small-97.out
naiveoutputs3/small-98.out
naiveoutputs3/small-99.out
**total solved in this iteration**0
**trivially solved in this iteration**306
**total skipped coz exists in this iteration**412
